Okay,
guys.
So now we're going to speak about the worksheet.
Activate event,
okay?
And before we start speaking about it,
just want to tell you that I actually changed the name of the worksheet that was named
Cheat One.
When we were explaining the selection change event,
I renamed it the selection Change event.
Okay.
And,
ah,
let's speak about the worst seat.
Activate event.
Okay,
So,
weaken,
go to that event the same way.
Or actually,
there's another way to do it.
Which is,
boy right,
clicking on the worksheet itself that you need to create the event for and then click on
view code here.
Okay.
And,
ah,
Then from this menu,
you choose worksheet instead of general.
And then from this menu here on the right,
you choose Activate.
Okay.
I'm just gonna delete this election change because I'm not going to use it right now.
Okay,
so we are in the worksheet.
Activate event for the worksheet named work seat.
Activate.
Okay.
So you can hear worksheet.
Activate is highlighted.
Where in the worksheet activate event.
So what this does is that it simply executes whatever code you right between the private
self and the end sub when you activate the worksheet.
Okay,
So for example,
we could have a message box you have triggered triggered the worksheet activate even.
Okay,
this is a message box.
This message box is going to appear whenever we activate the worksheet.
Activate worksheet.
Okay,
so I'm going to create a new sheet here.
I went to a new sheet,
and then I'm gonna go back to the worksheet,
activate and activated,
and you can see her that the event has been activated.
Okay,
so that's it.
It's very simple.
You activate the worksheet.
Whatever code you right between the private sub on the ends up for the worksheet.
Activate event gets executed.
Okay.
Okay,
guys.
So I want to show you,
actually.
Ah,
a practical application for the worksheet.
Activate event.
Okay,
so I've got here a dashboard.
Ah,
is a simple dashboard that I've created on my excel dashboards scores and actually have
some worksheet activate code here that that is triggered whenever I activate the dashboard
worksheets on this workbook.
Ok,
so what this does is that it just hides the ribbon and all the excel features years so that
it would,
you know,
make the user feel like it's He's not in excel.
He's in a different applications.
We just hide the ribbon,
okay?
And we've got some code.
Actually,
that does that here.
So I can include that code for you.
This code will hide the ribbon.
Okay,
so this is a practical application for worksheet.
Activate event.
OK,
so that's it.
Basically,
the worship activate event is very simple.
He just include the code between the private sub and the end sub,
and it will be lunched whenever you activate a certain worksheet.